Hi, guys.
Or come in this lecture regular, make this switchable not to do this.
I'm going to need to go back to verse code, then the video calls screen.
Then I'm going to need to use control and be in order to make this white.
Okay.
Now, instead of creating the functionality over this block in that to make our code more cleaner,
what you can do is before this last.
Holly Brackett.
We can then create dysfunction over here.
And they're going to call this function on.
Or do you?
And all you.
Muted.
Then be able to pass the parenthesis, then call the brackets over this parentheses, regular pass and
the ball.
Then I looked past the available card value.
I'm just going to use the short form of the VAR is referred to the values, referring to what the user
is going to pick.
That is either so off the switch or on the switch.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is we're going to need to update the UI to the correct value.
That is what used to be the peak.
Okay.
Now, to do that, to update the UI are going to be something known as set state.
Now please note the cell states will only work if you are currently using a set widget.
So if for any reason you're not using a state for widget, you can then.
Highlights, then use control and dots and convert it to widgets.
Okay.
Now, all of these states, all we just have to see now is to call their verbal card is all you.
We had said then ruggedness is equal to the value.
That is what these guys will pick.
Now, you can see we can't have access to this is.
That's just we can't use it.
And it's because it is a finer variable.
So in order to get rid of that era, we just have to get rid of this finer.
And for this as well.
This finer.
They use control and se to save this fire.
Then.
Instead of this, you're going to need to get rid of this bill because we already passed it here as
well.
Okay.
So, Dad, they're going to call the.
On you.
You said they're going to get rid of this.
Okay.
There is control and SASE and go check what you just did.
I can see it is now switchable.
Okay.
Now over a year, they're going to create another function caught on video, we said.
As well.
Double the price of the value.
That is what this is going to peak.
That is the type of bull.
This is a true and false value.
They going to need to update the UI.
So what's the usage?
This says states then is going to be is video.
We had said it's going to be equal to the final version of what user picked.
Okay, great.
Now as well.
They're going to need to get rid of this.
And also, the bowl system already participates in the function and is going to be on.
Video.
You said, right.
Okay, they're going to get rid of this.
Okay.
Is this a safe?
And go check it out.
Okay.
You can see.
It is now switch wives.
Now, what they're going to do next is instead of the static value to regularly use the is.
Audio VHS is going to be what this is going to switch to.
And this as well is video.
Muted.
Okay.
Right.
Now you can go check it out now.
Over here.
I can do this.
And over here I can give her the idea of one to.
I think.
Okay.
Want to.
Two, four, five, six, seven, eight and click on join with.
Okay.
You're going to see it works.
We're just going to wait a while.
You can see they're telling you to your mitten.
It's just going to take some while.
Okay.
You can see currently right is walk in.
So what you can do can also tell us for the video and.
Okay.
Now we can do this and go check it out.
We're going to see now video is going to show.
Okay.
You can see.
Great.
Good.
Okay.
So it's good.
Now.
What else we can do?
I think we made a mistake over this.
Function?
Yes.
With Controller.
Over here, we said.
If the username is empty.
That is, if the user wants to go with this.
Dan wants a creative rebel.
So this.
Right.
Else we just want to.
Osoyoos that what we created.
Don't do this.
We won't do it.
Won't is that we will create to store what the user is then.
Going to take.
Right.
Okay.
So what you're going to do is instead of this, they're going to get rid of this.
And passed in the name.
Right.
But still the name is a variable.
Also, then the.
This one is called controller, that user, the display name.
Right.
So it is a choice to go with.
We start with the default name, with the default display name where they are, we were able to store
that here as they display name or else.
You're going to just go with the name.
These are choices, right?
This ought to be.
Yeah.
The name are not this on this court control that he's in in this one.
Okay.
So you can use my collar.
Paul.
You will.
Then we check this out.
The to.
Hopefully we did not see we did not see this.
Okay.
You can just try that out yourself.
And I know this will definitely work in.
Okay.
You can see because we turn on our video.
Right.
Okay.
So now what you can't do.
You can't just call this.
Is going to click on this.
Okay.
Great.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
Sounds good.
I just would keep on doing now and see.
You can see it now.
MP Okay, great.
Is this.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.